[doc] Add Logstash to Logstash HTTP example configuration. (#13973)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/ls-ls-http.asciidoc

For now, <<plugins-outputs-http,http output>> to <<plugins-inputs-http,http input>> with manual configuration may be the best path forward if these limitations don't apply to your use case.

> ==== Configuration overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[overview-http-http]]
==== Configuration overview
```

Reviewer: I know that there's not one for the lumberjack session, but we need to add anchors for all new content.  Shorter is better because people aren't likely going to try to guess the URL.

> To use the HTTP protocol to connect two Logstash instance you will:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the HTTP protocol to connect two Logstash instances:
```

Reviewer: Instances should be plural and avoid future tense

. Configure the downstream (server) Logstash to use HTTP input
. Configure the upstream (client) Logstash to use HTTP ouput

> . Securing the communication between HTTP input and HTTP output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Secure the communication between HTTP input and HTTP output
```

Reviewer: To parallel previous two entries in your list

> [[configure-downstream-logstash-http-input]]

Reviewer: You can shorten this if you want to, but you don't have to. The only requirement is that the anchor be unique in context of this guide.

===== Configure the downstream Logstash to use HTTP input

> To configure the downstream Logstash (the receiving Logstash) you need to configure the HTTP input to receive connections. The minimum recommended configuration requires you to set the following options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the HTTP input on the downstream (receiving) Logstash to receive connections. 
The minimum configuration requires these options:
```

> * `port` - to set a custom port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `port` - To set a custom port.
```

Reviewer: Looks like you've standardized on uppercase for rest of document, so this should match.

* `additional_codecs` - To set `application/json` to be `json_lines`.

[source,json]
----
input {
    http {
        port => 8080
        additional_codecs => { "application/json" => "json_lines" }
    }
}
----

[[configure-upstream-logstash-http-output]]
===== Configure the upstream Logstash to use HTTP output

In order to optain the best performance when sending data from one Logstash to another, it needs to be batched and compressed. As such, the upstream Logstash (the sending Logstash) needs to be configured with the following options:

* `url` - The receiving Logstash.
* `http_method` - Set to `post`.
* `retry_non_idempotent` - Set to `true`, in order to retry failed events.
* `format` - Set to `json_batch` to batch the data.

> * `http_compression` - Set to `true` ensures the data is compressed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `http_compression` - Set to `true` to ensure the data is compressed.
```

Reviewer: To match the structure of your previous entries.

[source,json]
----
output {
    http {
        url => '<protocol>://<downstream-logstash>:<port>'
        http_method => post
        retry_non_idempotent => true
        format => json_batch
        http_compression => true
    }
}
----

[[securing-logstash-to-logstash]]

> ===== Securing Logstash to Logstash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
===== Secure Logstash to Logstash
```

Reviewer: Should match the tense of previous sections.  If you are concerned that "secure" might be initially read as an adjective, you could try "Secure your LS to LS connection" or just "Secure your connection."

> Now that you have a Logstash to Logstash communication with HTTP, it is important that you secure the communication between Logstash instances. This is done with SSL/TLS mutual authentication, in order to ensure that the upstream Logstash instance sends encrypted data to a trusted downstream Logstash instance, and viceversa. In order to achieve this, you need the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important that you secure the communication between Logstash instances. 
Use SSL/TLS mutual authentication in order to ensure that the upstream Logstash instance sends encrypted data to a trusted downstream Logstash instance, and vice versa. 
```

. Create a certificate authority (CA) in order to sign the certificates that you plan to use between Logstash instances. Creating a correct SSL/TLS infrastructure is outside the scope of this document.
+
TIP: We recommend you use the {ref}/certutil.html[elasticsearch-certutil] tool to generate your certificates.

> . Configure the downstream (receiving) Logstash to use SSL. You need to add the following settings to the HTTP Input configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Configure the downstream (receiving) Logstash to use SSL. 
Add these settings to the HTTP Input configuration:
```

+
 * `ssl`: When set to `true`, it enables Logstash use of SSL/TLS
 * `ssl_key`: Specifies the key that Logstash uses to authenticate with the client.
 * `ssl_certificate`: Specifies the certificate that Logstash uses to authenticate with the client.
 * `ssl_certificate_authorities`: Configures Logstash to trust any certificates signed by the specified CA.
 * `ssl_verify_mode`:  Specifies whether Logstash server verifies the client certificate against the CA.
+
For example:
+
[source,json]
----
input {
  http {
    ...

    ssl => true
    ssl_key => "server.key.pk8"
    ssl_certificate => "server.crt"
    ssl_certificate_authorities => "ca.crt"
    ssl_verify_mode => force_peer
  }
}
----

> . Configure the upstream (sending) Logstash to use SSL. You need to add the following settings to the HTTP Output configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Configure the upstream (sending) Logstash to use SSL. 
Add these settings to the HTTP output configuration:
```

For now, <<plugins-outputs-http,http output>> to <<plugins-inputs-http,http input>> with manual configuration may be the best path forward if these limitations don't apply to your use case.

[[overview-http-http]]
==== Configuration overview

To use the HTTP protocol to connect two Logstash instances:

. Configure the downstream (server) Logstash to use HTTP input

> . Configure the upstream (client) Logstash to use HTTP ouput

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Configure the upstream (client) Logstash to use HTTP output
```

. Secure the communication between HTTP input and HTTP output

[[configure-downstream-logstash-http-input]]
===== Configure the downstream Logstash to use HTTP input

Configure the HTTP input on the downstream (receiving) Logstash to receive connections. 
The minimum configuration requires these options:

* `port` - To set a custom port.
* `additional_codecs` - To set `application/json` to be `json_lines`.

[source,json]
----
input {
    http {
        port => 8080
        additional_codecs => { "application/json" => "json_lines" }
    }
}
----

[[configure-upstream-logstash-http-output]]
===== Configure the upstream Logstash to use HTTP output

> In order to optain the best performance when sending data from one Logstash to another, it needs to be batched and compressed. As such, the upstream Logstash (the sending Logstash) needs to be configured with the following options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to obtain the best performance when sending data from one Logstash to another, the data needs to be batched and compressed. As such, the upstream Logstash (the sending Logstash) needs to be configured with these options:
```

+
TIP: We recommend you use the {ref}/certutil.html[elasticsearch-certutil] tool to generate your certificates.

. Configure the downstream (receiving) Logstash to use SSL. 
Add these settings to the HTTP Input configuration:
+
 * `ssl`: When set to `true`, it enables Logstash use of SSL/TLS
 * `ssl_key`: Specifies the key that Logstash uses to authenticate with the client.
 * `ssl_certificate`: Specifies the certificate that Logstash uses to authenticate with the client.
 * `ssl_certificate_authorities`: Configures Logstash to trust any certificates signed by the specified CA.
 * `ssl_verify_mode`:  Specifies whether Logstash server verifies the client certificate against the CA.
+
For example:
+
[source,json]
----
input {
  http {
    ...

    ssl => true
    ssl_key => "server.key.pk8"
    ssl_certificate => "server.crt"
    ssl_certificate_authorities => "ca.crt"
    ssl_verify_mode => force_peer
  }
}
----

. Configure the upstream (sending) Logstash to use SSL. 
Add these settings to the HTTP output configuration:
+
 * `cacert`: Configures the Logstash client to trust any certificates signed by the specified CA.

>  * `client_key`: Specifies the key the LOgstash client uses to authenticate with the Logstash server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `client_key`: Specifies the key the Logstash client uses to authenticate with the Logstash server.
```

>  * `client_cert`: Specifies the certificate that the Logstash client uses to authenticate to the logstash server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `client_cert`: Specifies the certificate that the Logstash client uses to authenticate to the Logstash server.
```
